Zhuo Xue, it's a big deal that we can't get married
Please stop
The last imperial city disaster
It has caused heavy losses to my Bai family
If the warehouse is being destroyed
My Bai family is all over
Yes, yes, all the occupation hell of my royal family
That's what happened in the tsunami.
As long as they are expelled from the barracks again
It will definitely be guarded by the prime minister
Please spare my Wang family's life
Daughter will be fine
Suddenly, it was sold by the inner ghost.
How can this be?
What do you know?
Confess quickly
8 unicorn lion statues were destroyed by your own hands
The fate of the warrior is doomed
Losing money and power is just the beginning
And die
It is the ultimate ingratitude of the eight ethnic groups in your southern province
If you choose in the end, think less of yourself
What a coincidence
It just so happened that two things happened.
After people live, you say there are fish here
Isn't it?
So far
We have never had any problems with our family.
That's because our Gu family has the fart of Yunyongzong
Your dirty methods can't hide from our family
Hahahaha
Young and old, speak up
Your family said it was a big deal
My family has been ridiculed like never before
Attacking those Shaolin is like going crazy
Attack our territory
Destroy our buildings
Slaughter our disciples
Pardon me?